# Spinner_with_new_activity

CIS 3515 Assignment 4
Instructions: Refactor the last lab that you worked on to create a 2-activity application along with a custom adapter. Your application will allow a user to select a color from a Spinner on one activity, and once selected, launch the second activity and set the background of the new activity’s layout to the selected color. Once completed, you will add an icon to your application and generate a signed APK that is ready to be distributed.
Section 1
1. Create a new project with 2 activities – PaletteActivity (your Main), and CanvasActivity (your secondary activity). Each activity should have a unique title/label (see illustration below)
2. PaletteActivity must contain a Spinner that will use a custom adapter to present to the user a set of color options. The views generated by the custom adapter should be simple TextViews, where the text value is the name of the color, and the background of the text view should be the color specified by the name. Your spinner and adapter should function exactly the same as your previous assignment.
3. When a user selects a color from the Adapter View, the second activity should be launched and this new activity’s layout background should be set to the selected color (see illustration below)
4. Push your project to GitHub. EXAMPLE ILLUSTRATION:
  After selection, new Activity is launched
 
 Section 2
1. First, you’ll need to find, borrow, or create an icon for the application you just built. There are many rules when it comes to designing icons (you can read about them here: https://www.google.com/design/spec/style/icons.html) however we are only concerned with having a basic icon. For simplicity we will use Android's Asset Studio as the final step to create our app icon.
If you would like to create an icon from scratch you have many options:
1. Free vector tools such as GIMP (http://www.gimp.org/) or proprietary tools like Adobe Illustrator
2. Online tools such as Method Draw (http://editor.method.ac/)
3. Android Studio's very basic icon creator – Asset Studio: right-click on the drawable
or mipmap folder and select New → Image Asset
Once you've created or downloaded the file you would like to use for your icon, use Android's Asset Studio to create the final product. Right-click on the drawable or mipmap folder and select New → Image Asset, then select your source image for Image File. Play around with the settings until you have the icon looking the way you want it.
2. Once you have created an icon for your app, it’s time to create the APK
1. Click on Build and select Generate Signed APK
2. On the presented dialog, click on Create New and fill in the requested information. You can (and should) use different passwords for the key store and the key. You will be asked for both each time you use the key to sign an application.
▪ Under Certificate, you only need to enter a single identifying item, such as your name.
3. Select the destination folder of the APK and set Build Type to release
4. Click on Finish
5. Upload your generated APK file (It will be called app-release.apk ), along with your project GitHub link to Canvas.
3. Upload your generated APK file (It will be called app-release.apk ), along with your project GitHub link to Canvas.
 
Notes:
Store your generated certificate in a cool, dry place and keep it safe. Once an application is deployed it will need to use the same certificate if it needs to be updated, or in some cases, to utilize certain Google services. A lost certificate means you will have to sign newer versions of your app with a different certificate. If this happens, Android, and all distribution platforms, will treat your application as a completely different app and incompatibilities may ensue.
